[ __ ] is about to go down but before you
call us crazy I gotta explain to you how
any of what you're about to witness is
even possible a few weeks ago we got
invited to Will Smith's house and Ammar
with the help of his skydiving
instructor Sean McCormack showed up in
probably the most outrageous way
possible no I'm about to do the bungee
jump for my birthday over the Grand
Canyon so I was asking my man Sean
McCormack I was like yo why don't you
come help me out with the jump and I
should have known something was weird
when he didn't ask for an address
he asked for coordinates
let's smoke this is really really insane
whoa
first time anyone's ever entered my
property that way now the relevance of
this in our story isn't this guy type
itself but the helicopter pilot it took
us there Aaron Fitzgerald Aaron is one
of the only four pilots in the world
with the skill set to perform helicopter
acrobatics which is exactly as crazy as
it sounds and said tomorrow will be the
one representing yes theory and the heli
bungee with Will Smith on September 25th
he wanted to surprise Matt and I with
our own unique helicopter stunt but we
had absolutely no idea what he had
planned for us I'm thinking it's a
peaceful day I told you about what Sean
did skydiving into wells backyard but I
never told you about the heli pilot is
there since you guys won't be jumping on
September 25th I thought what is the
craziest experience that you can get in
a helicopter and I think I found it
let's go into the living room and I will
show you a quick glimpse of what we'll
be doing an hour and a half this is my
new friend Aaron he's the guy ethicist
over Will's house he's one at a four
pilot world
[Music]
no I've never seen this in my life yeah
because there's four people in the world
to do it one of them processing this
yeah like this is you there action Matt
gets to - teller speaks about death
discomfort not seeking death I think I
would be more scared doing this than the
bathroom my fears that either you are
throw up on him and then he loses his
sight and then we crash rarely do stunts
for videos it's interesting that this
month hers was about using helicopters
to scare ourselves do you know what
you're in for it yeah they showed it so
does the video a nervous anybody nervous
what is there to be nervous about
yeah right now lined up a tree hiding I
don't want to do it we can't just sit up
in that tree and hang out
that's totally natural I was to the
first yeah okay sweet he's fine you'll
see it's a lot I'm good now don't worry
I've personally taken only four or five
people
Red Bull people and other helicopter
pilots other airshow performers people
like that okay Wow two noobs my fear is
just throwing up yeah that's a
possibility for sure it won't ruin the
experience for you if you get sick I
just want to throw up on like you and
blind you know we definitely don't want
that
hi my name's Aaron Fitzgerald I'm the
Red Bull aerobatic helicopter pilot here
in the United States I've been flying
for about 24 years got about 8,500 hours
somewhere in that neighborhood
I'm one of four people who have the
aerobatic license issued by the FAA to
do aerobatics in a helicopter sometimes
the answer is that it's an adventure
it's it's just a thrill to do it and I'm
privileged and I'm happy to take people
along and we're about to do heli
acrobatics just don't tell mom yet
alright if you start to feel sick it's
not gonna get better
so you got you got to tell me don't get
it out thinking I'll feel better in a
second you won't you just let me know
but you're gonna be fine you'll see it's
really gentle it's not it's not vile
it's not a fighter jet let's do it let's
have some fun whoo
[Music]
would you think about that back that's
yeah for me was the flips and then the
rolls that you did we're just goes up
and then it goes down it all the plot
goes back up and I got ours thank you
guys absolute legend super fun
[Music]
[Applause]
you